-What is GIT?
1)Git is an open-source distributed version control system. 
2)It is designed to handle minor to major projects with high speed and efficiency. 
3)It is developed to co-ordinate the work among the developers.

-Some remarkable features of Git are as follows: 
1)Open Source Git is an open-source tool. 
  It is released under the GPL(General Public License) license.
2)Scalable Git is scalable, which means when the number of users increases, the Git can easily handle such situations.
3)Distributed One of Git's great features is that it is distributed. 

-BENIFITS OF GIT?
1)Saves Time: Git is lightning fast technology. Each command takes only a few seconds to execute so we can save a lot of 
  time as compared to login to a GitHub account and find out its features.
2)Offline Working: One of the most important benefits of Git is that it supports offline working. If we are facing internet
  connectivity issues, it will not affect our work. In Git, we can do almost everything locally. Comparatively, other CVS
  like SVN is limited and prefer the connection with the central repository.
3)Undo Mistakes: One additional benefit of Git is we can Undo mistakes. Sometimes the undo can be a savior option for us. 
  Git provides the undo option for almost everything.
4)Track the Changes: Git facilitates with some exciting features such as Diff, Log, and Status, which allows us to track 
  changes so we can check the status, compare our files or branches.

-Why Git?
 We have discussed many features and benefits of Git that demonstrate the undoubtedly Git as the leading version control system

-COMMANDS OF GIT:

1)git init ---->Initialize a local Git repository
2)git clone ---->Clone private repository
3)git status---->Check status
4)git branch---->List of branches (the asterisk denotes the current branch)
5)git branch [branch name]---->	Create a new branch
6)git branch -d [branch name]---->Delete a branch
7)git checkout -b [branch name]---->Create a new branch and switch to it
8)git checkout -b [branch name] origin/[branch name]---->Clone a remote branch and switch to it
